{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
My Story\
\
Impasta Lab isn\'92t just a pasta shop \'97 it\'92s a tribute to my roots, my family, and the flavours that shaped my life.\
\
I was born in Bristol, but my heart was raised in Italy. When I was four, my family moved to the Abruzzo region, where my parents opened a restaurant called Gazebo on a hill overlooking the sea in Roseto degli Abruzzi. That place was more than just a restaurant \'97 it was filled with warmth, hard work, and unforgettable meals. I grew up watching my parents pour their soul into every dish, surrounded by the rhythm of family life and the buzz of the kitchen. That experience taught me that food isn\'92t just nourishment \'97 it\'92s connection.\
\
After we returned to Bristol in 2013, I tried a different path. But the call of cooking never left me. I realised that my true purpose was to keep our family\'92s food traditions alive \'97 and share them with the community around me.\
\
That\'92s how Impasta Lab was born \'97 a pasta workshop built with love and a deep sense of purpose. Here, I serve the dishes that shaped my childhood: hand-rolled pasta, traditional lasagna, rich sauces, stuzzicheria, and rustic Italian cakes. Everything is homemade, just like my parents taught me.\
\
But Impasta Lab is more than just a place to eat \'97 it\'92s a space where people come together. Whether you\'92re grabbing lunch, ordering a buffet for your team, or joining one of our pasta classes, the heart of what we do is connection. Through food, we create community \'97 one dish, one story, one smile at a time}